docs: add beneficial ownership reference and worked example (#1305)
open-contracting/standard: docs/guidance/map/linked_standards.md

## Open Fiscal Data Package

The [Open Fiscal Data Package](http://www.fiscaltransparency.net/ofdp/) (OFDP) describes government budget and spending data. The [Budget and spending classification](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/en/extensions/budget_and_spend/) extension describes how to connect OCDS and OFDP datasets.

## Beneficial Ownership Data Standard

> The [Beneficial Ownership Data Standard](http://standard.openownership.org/) (BODS) provides a structured data format, along with guidance for collecting, sharing and using data on beneficial ownership. The [beneficial ownership worked example](beneficial_ownership) describes how to connect OCDS and BODS datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Beneficial Ownership Data Standard](https://standard.openownership.org/en/0.2.0/) (BODS) provides a structured data format for collecting, sharing and using data on beneficial ownership. The [beneficial ownership worked example](beneficial_ownership) describes how to connect OCDS and BODS datasets.
```
